c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\bin\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\bin\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\bin\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.CameraCrash.apk
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\bin\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.CameraCrash-Signed.apk
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\android\bin\CameraCrash.CameraCrash.apk
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\mipmap-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\mipmap-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\mipmap-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\mipmap-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\mipmap-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\bin\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.dll.mdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\android\assets\CameraCrash.dll.mdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\CameraCrash.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_0.jpg
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_1.jpg
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_2.jpg
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_3.jpg
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_4.jpg
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_5.jpg
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_6.jpg
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CameraCrash\CameraCrash\obj\x64\Debug\res\drawable\sample_7.jpg
